add note about setting device count (#322)
CDCgov/multisignal-epi-inference: docs/source/tutorials/hospital_admissions_model.qmd

engine: jupyter
---

This document illustrates how a hospital admissions-only model can be fitted using data from the Pyrenew package, particularly the wastewater dataset. The CFA wastewater team created this dataset, which contains simulated data.

> We begin by loading `numpyro` and configuring the device count to 2 to enable running MCMC chains in parallel. By default, XLA (which is used by JAX for compilation) considers all CPU cores as one device. We use numpyro's [set_host_device_count](https://num.pyro.ai/en/stable/utilities.html#set-host-device-count) function to specify the number of device available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We begin by loading `numpyro` and configuring the device count to 2 to enable running MCMC chains in parallel. By default, XLA (which is used by JAX for compilation) considers all CPU cores as one device. Depending on your system's configuration, we recommend using numpyro's [`set_host_device_count()`](https://num.pyro.ai/en/stable/utilities.html#set-host-device-count) function to set the number of devices available for parallel computing.
```

> We begin by loading `numpyro` and configuring the device count to 2 to enable running MCMC chains in parallel. By default, XLA (which is used by JAX for compilation) considers all CPU cores as one device. We use numpyro's [set_host_device_count](https://num.pyro.ai/en/stable/utilities.html#set-host-device-count) function to specify the number of device available. 

Reviewer 2: Typo and formatting 
```suggestion
We begin by loading `numpyro` and setting the device count to 2 to enable running MCMC chains in parallel. By default, XLA (which is used by JAX for compilation) considers all CPU cores as one device. We use numpyro's [`set_host_device_count`](https://num.pyro.ai/en/stable/utilities.html#set-host-device-count) function to specify the number of devices available. 
```
